# Assignments

You can use the 'sample xApp' available in [this repository](https://github.com/wineslab/colosseum-near-rt-ric) and this [OpenRAN Gym tutorial](https://openrangym.com/tutorials/scope-coloran-o-ran) as template for the xApps and guide for the assignments.

## Assignment 1: Create a Slicing Control xApp

- **Objective**: Develop an xApp with basic PRB increase/decrease policy to satisfy a certain minimum throughput.
- **Requirements**:
  - The xApp should dynamically adjust the PRBs to meet a minimum throughput requirement for two UEs. You will use `iperf` to change the amount of traffic generated by each user in real time. It is required that you set a minimum throughput requirement below `4Mbps` (a safe range of values is in `(0,2] Mbps`. It is expected that no changes to the PRB number is performed if the minimum rate requirement is met, but PRB number for an unsitisfied UE needs to increase when the rate requirement is not met.  
  - The PRB adjustments should be incremental, with increases or decreases of +3 or -3 (i.e. 1 RBG) at a time. The change should be made at regular intervals (e.g. every 5 s).
- **Details**:
  - 
  - To change the number of PRBs allocated to each UE you will use the following piece of code inside the xApp code
    - `[TODO: add details on how to change slice number]`
  - 

## Assignment 2: Create a Traffic Classification xApp

- **Objective**: Develop an xApp that receives E2 data and classifies the type of traffic.
- **Details**:
  - The xApp should be capable of differentiating between two types of traffic: low throughput and high throughput.
  - The classification should be adaptive, considering the variable nature of `iperf` traffic.
